W-18359576 dw flex gr (#875)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.10/modules/ROOT/pages/policies-flex-dataweave-support.adoc

* xref:dataweave::dw-strings-functions-substringbeforelast.adoc#substringbeforelast1[`substringBeforeLast(text: String, separator: String): String`]
* xref:dataweave::dw-strings-functions-substringbeforelast.adoc#substringbeforelast2[`substringBeforeLast(text: Null, separator: String): Null`]

=== toBase64

* xref:dataweave::dw-binaries-functions-tobase64.adoc#tobase641[`toBase64(content: Binary): String`]

=== fromBase64

* xref:dataweave::dw-binaries-functions-frombase64.adoc#frombase641[`fromBase64(base64String: String): Binary`]

[NOTE]
====

> Flex Gateway doesn't support DataWeave expressions with binary type results. To use the `dw::Binaries::fromBase64('dXNlcjpwYXNz')` function, transform the result to a string.. Transform the binary output to string with the `dw::util::Coercions::toString(binary: Binary, encoding: String): String` function. For example; `#[dw::util::Coercions::toString(dw::core::Binaries::fromBase64('dXNlcjpwYXNz'), 'UTF-8')]`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flex Gateway doesn't support DataWeave expressions with binary type results. To use the `dw::Binaries::fromBase64('dXNlcjpwYXNz')` function, transform the result to a string. Transform the binary output to a string with the `dw::util::Coercions::toString(binary: Binary, encoding: String): String` function. For example, `#[dw::util::Coercions::toString(dw::core::Binaries::fromBase64('dXNlcjpwYXNz'), 'UTF-8')]`. 
```

> If using a different function that transform the binary by default, such as `#[splitBy(dw::core::Binaries::fromBase64('dXNlcjpwYXNz'), ':')]`, you don't need to manually transform the binary. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If using a different function that transforms the binary by default, such as `#[splitBy(dw::core::Binaries::fromBase64('dXNlcjpwYXNz'), ':')]`, you can skip manually transforming the binary. 
```

** `authentication.properties`

* `payload`

> ** Fields depend on the current payload. For example: `#[payload]` returns the body of the message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** Fields depend on the current payload. For example, `#[payload]` returns the body of the message.
```
